Service-level agreements (#2452)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/terms-and-conditions/service-level-bundle/support-sla.md

---
title: Support service-level agreement
layout: bundle
weight: 30
aliases:
  - /support-sla/
---

**This Agreement** is made between {{< company-c8y >}} ("Provider") and the Customer ("Customer") who wishes to use support services for {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

### Service description

> This document outlines the maintenance and support services provided for different levels of support: Bronze ("Starter"), Silver ("Standard") and Gold ("Enterprise Active").

Reviewer: You might add links to the description below. Or does that not refer to the descriptions below? Bronze ("Starter"), Silver ("Standard") and Gold ("Enterprise Active")? Bronze does not show up below so might be this is something else here.

Author: I am not sure how to do that. I have added the table to get a simpler overview of the terms for the levels and covered the procedural differences in the "Processing customer requests" section. Bronze is more or less the left table column plus the "General" part of "Processing customer requests" that covers all support levels. I added a sentence to the "General" part to make this more clear.

### Definitions

The following terms apply across all support levels unless otherwise specified:

* **Business Day**: Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays, in the country specified in the Customer address field of the Cloud Services order form, corresponding with Provider's Global Support operating days.
* **Business Hour**: 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM on a Business Day of the main support hub within the Customer's region. Global Support operating hours may change from time to time.
  * EMEA: Central European Time (CET).
  * APJ: Malaysia Time (MYT).
  * US: Mountain Time (MT).

> * **Cloud Services**: Provider's cloud services as specified in the Cloud Services order form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Cloud Services**: Provider's Cloud Services as specified in the Cloud Services order form.
```

> * **Error**: Any verifiable and reproducible failure of the Cloud Services to substantially conform to the specifications for such Cloud Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ”Error” shall not include any such failure that is caused by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Error**: Any verifiable and reproducible failure of the Cloud Services to substantially conform to the specifications for such Cloud Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Error shall not include any such failure that is caused by:
```

  3. any bug, defect, or error in third-party software used with the Cloud Services.
* **Error Correction**:  A modification, addition, or deletion that brings the Cloud Services into substantial conformance with specifications or reduces the adverse effect of the Error. It may include a workaround, service update, or solution provided by the Provider.
* **Authorized Technical Contact (ATC)**: An uniquely identified individual authorized by the Customer to access the Provider’s Support Portal, submit support requests, and receive support-related communications, with appropriate professional and technical qualifications. Shared group accounts are not allowed.
* **Global Support**: The Provider’s Global Support Organization responsible for delivering maintenance and support services to the Customer.
* **Support Portal**: The Provider’s web-based support system that provides access to information, documentation and Error Corrections, and permits browsing and submitting incidents.

### Incident classification

Global Support will classify incidents into three levels of severity according to the following table:

> * **Crisis Incidents**: Customer’s problem has a severe business impact, e.g. production down. Customer is unable to use the Cloud Services, resulting in a major impact on Customer’s operations. Work cannot reasonably continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Crisis Incidents**: Customer’s problem has a severe business impact, such as production down. Customer is unable to use the Cloud Services, resulting in a major impact on Customer’s operations. Work cannot reasonably continue.
```

| **Support Portal access for ATCs**   | 24/7            | 24/7                       | 24/7                |
| **Phone support Crisis Incidents**   | 9x5*            | 24/7                       | 24/7                |
| **Phone support Critical Incidents** | 9x5*            | 9x5*                       | 24/7                |
| **Phone support Standard Incidents** | 9x5*            | 9x5*                       | 24/7                |
| **Initial response times**           | 1 Business Day* | Crisis: 1 hour             | Crisis: 30 minutes  |
|                                      |                 | Critical: 4 Business Hours | Critical: 2 hours   |
|                                      |                 | Standard: 1 Business Day   | Standard: 1 day     |
| **Number of ATCs**                   | 7               | 7                          | Unlimited           |
| **Support region**                   | 1               | 1                          | Per ATC             |
| **Prioritized queuing**              | No              | No                         | Yes                 |

> | **Management assistance process**    | No              | No                         | Yes                 |

Reviewer 2: Let's leave the management assistance process out. SAG had a bunch of hierarchy in Global Support that no longer exists in C8Y.

> | **Web-based consulting sessions**    | No              | No                         | 4 sessions per year |

Reviewer 2: Let's leave the web-based consulting sessions out. This was never popular and I would prefer if we don't have to prepare for the small chance that a customer would take us up on it.

*\* During Business Hours.*

The services are defined as follows:

> * **Phone support**: The support telephone number is available in Support Portal. If not provided in local language, telephone support is provided in English. Telephone support is provided during after-Business Hours and on non-Business Days in English only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Phone support**: The support telephone number is available in Support Portal. Telephone support is provided in English only.
```

* **Initial response times**: Customer will receive an initial response within the defined initial response times.
* **Number of ATCs**: Restrictions to the number of ATCs apply per Customer, not per contract. Customer may contract for additional ATCs.
* **Support region**: The region of a customer is the region where that customer is located or has opted to define that region as their region. For example the region for an EMEA customer is EMEA, however an EMEA customer may opt for another region, say APJ, to be their default region. For Gold support, the region can be chosen per ATC.
* **Prioritized queuing**: Incidents are prioritized ahead of other support incidents of the same severity level but lower support level.

> * **Management assistance process**: To ensure timely resolution, Crisis or Critical Incidents that remain unresolved for a defined period are escalated to progressively higher levels of management to expedite the resolution.

Reviewer 2: Remove, see previous comment

> * **Web-based consulting sessions**: One-on-one web-based consulting sessions on a variety of topics limited to up to 4 consultations per year plus others upon request and subject to availability. A list of sessions is available on Support Portal and is subject to change from time to time.

Reviewer 2: Remove, see previous comment

### Management assistance process

The following escalation times are defined for unresolved Crisis Incidents:
* After 1 Day: Regional Director Support
* After 2 Days: Global Vice President Support
* After 3 Days: Global Senior Vice President Support
* After 5 Days: Chief Operating Officer

The following escalation times are defined for unresolved Critical Incidents:
* After 5 Business Days: Regional Director Support
* After 7 Business Days: Global Vice President Support
* After 9 Business Days: Global Senior Vice President Support
* After 11 Business Days: Chief Operating Officer

The management assistance process will be halted once Customer is provided a potential resolution and until Customer has tested the solution. If Customer informs Global Support that the resolution hasn't resolved the problem, the management assistance process will resume.

### Processing customer requests

#### General

* Customer requests will be received by Global Support and will be documented in Support Portal for further processing. The Customer will be given a reference processing number for future reference.

> * All crisis incidents must be submitted to Global Support by telephone. When submitting Security Incidents to Global Support, Customer must indicate this aspect to the support representative or set the security flag in the support ticket if reported via customer support portal.

Reviewer 2: Remove this whole bullet. We don't require crisis tickets via phone. And we don't have the security flag anymore on tickets.

* When reaching Global Support by telephone, Customer is to provide the incident/ticket number so that work on the incident can commence.
* Global Support has no obligation to solve the Customer’s issue within the response or any other time frame.

#### Additional Silver support processing

* Critical Incidents will be reported daily unless otherwise agreed with Global Support on a case-by-case basis. Other incidents will be reported as agreed between Global Support and Customer on a case-by-case basis.
* Customer is provided with a timeline for Error Correction.

#### Additional Gold support processing

> * Global Support will respond within the defined response time. For critical and standard severity incidents, the active support region will initiate work on the solution. When the ATC's default support region comes online, it will take over the ownership of the incident.

Reviewer 2: Remove this whole bullet. This is not the practice in C8Y.

> * After the default region takes ownership of the incident, critical and standard incidents will be progressed only during the business hours of the ATC's default region.

Reviewer 2: Remove this whole bullet. This is not the practice in C8Y.

* On non-Business Days Customer must always report critical and standard incidents through Support Portal and must follow up with Global Support service provider via telephone in order to receive an initial response from Global Support based on the agreed upon reaction time. The response time is measured from the time the Customer gets in contact with a Support Engineer.
* Reporting is carried out as agreed between Global Support and Customer.
* For Crisis Incidents, a resolution plan provided within first four (4) hours after receipt of Crisis incident to include - in Provider's sole discretion - either:
  * a definition of the intended solution to the problem, or
  * a definition of a work-around while Provider develops or defines a solution, or
  * a documented action plan that will include:
    * current status of the resolution
    * target timeline for next feedback
    * responsible Provider resource(s)

>     * Customer obligations (e.g., provisioning of log files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Customer obligations (for example, provisioning of log files)
```
